First Restructure (with new "QuickStart" page -> E2E Example) (#236)
fusedio/fused-docs: docs/quickstart.mdx

```python showLineNumbers
@fused.udf
def udf():
    import geopandas as gpd
    DATASET = "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/python-visualization/folium-example-data/main/us_states.json"
    gdf = gpd.read_file(DATASET)
    # highlight-next-line
    gdf = gdf[gdf['name'].isin(['California', 'Texas'])]
    print(gdf)
    return gdf
```

<ReactPlayer className="video__player" playing={true} muted={true} controls height="100%" url="https://fused-magic.s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/workbench-walkthrough-videos/docs_rewrite/getting-started/Getting_Started_filter_states.mp4" width="100%" />

You can notice this change in 2 places:
1. The map view only shows 2 states now
2. The `stdout` only has 2 rows

All that, without having to ever press "Run"! 

  :::note

  If you move `print(gdf)` _before_ `gdf = gdf[gdf['name'].isin(['California', 'Texas'])]` you will still see 50 lines in `stdout` and 2 in the map view, because the print statement happens before filtering
  
  Keep this in mind when using `print` to debug

  :::

## Get your data from a HTTP endpoint

The UDF we now have returns a `GeoDataFrame` with 2 rows, that's what we see in the map view. 

> We can edit this UDF as much as we want but for now we're going to get this data out of Fused. You migth expect us to hit a "Download" button somewhere and save this as a `GeoJSON`, but while you can do this, we're going to do something better: Call this UDF from a HTTP endpoint:
> - Make sure to save your UDF by either clicking `💾 Save` or Doing `Ctrl + S` on Windows / Linux or `Cmd + S` on MacOS
> - Go to the `⚙ Settings` Tab
> - Under `Share` click `Sharing` to see all the sharing operations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can edit this UDF as much as we want but for now we're going to get this data out of Fused. You might expect us to hit a "Download" button somewhere and save this as a `GeoJSON`, but while you can do this, we're going to do something better: Call this UDF from a HTTP endpoint:
- Make sure to save your UDF by either clicking `💾 Save` or pressing `Ctrl + S` on Windows / Linux or `Cmd + S` on MacOS
- Go to the `⚙ Settings` Tab
- Under `Share` click `Sharing` to see all the sharing operations
```

<ReactPlayer className="video__player" playing={true} muted={true} controls height="100%" url="https://fused-magic.s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/workbench-walkthrough-videos/docs_rewrite/getting-started/Getting_Started_save_and_share.mp4" width="100%" />

We've pre-populated a few examples of ways to share these Fused UDFs, but at its core you can *call these UDFs as HTTP endpoints*

UDFs aren't just Python functions you can run in Workbench, they're fully deployed functions that you can call from anywhere. 

To keep it simple to start first, we can use the `cURL` option. Open a terminal and the `cURL` command, you'll get something like:

```bash
curl -L -XGET "https://www.fused.io/server/v1/realtime-shared/<YOUR_UDF_ID>/run/file?dtype_out_raster=png&dtype_out_vector=csv"
```

Let's break that down:

> - `curl -L XGET` ->  `curl` syntax to GET and automatically follow a redirect

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `curl -L -XGET` ->  `curl` syntax to GET and automatically follow a redirect
```
